README.md, before:

# Hey, I'm Vito 👋

I'm a Lead Platform Architect at Brella, based in Finland. I work on infrastructure, backend systems, and occasionally hunt for security bugs.

## What I'm Working On

My main open source project is [hetzner-k3s](https://github.com/vitobotta/hetzner-k3s) - a CLI tool that creates production-ready Kubernetes clusters on Hetzner Cloud in minutes.

### Why People Use It

Running Kubernetes doesn't have to be expensive or complicated. With hetzner-k3s, you can spin up a fully configured, highly available cluster for a fraction of what you'd pay on AWS, GCP, or Azure - sometimes up to 80% less.

A few things it does:

- Creates a 3-master, 3-worker HA cluster in 2–3 minutes
- Handles autoscaling, private networking, firewalls, and storage automatically
- Works across Hetzner's six global locations (Germany, Finland, USA, Singapore)
- Scales to 500+ nodes (tested and proven)

No Terraform. No management cluster. Just one CLI tool and a simple YAML config.

👉 **Learn more at [hetzner-k3s.com](https://hetzner-k3s.com)**

### Who It's For

- Startups and small teams who want Kubernetes without the cloud bill
- Developers running side projects or homelab clusters
- Companies looking to cut infrastructure costs without sacrificing reliability

## Support My Work

I maintain hetzner-k3s in my spare time. If it saves you time or money, consider supporting its development:

<a href="https://github.com/sponsors/vitobotta">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Sponsor-❤-ea4aaa?style=for-the-badge&logo=github" alt="Sponsor on GitHub" />
</a>

Sponsorship helps me dedicate more time to new features, faster issue responses, and keeping the project up to date with Hetzner and k3s releases.

## Find Me Elsewhere

- 🌐 Connect: [vitobotta.com](https://vitobotta.com/)


Thanks for stopping by!

Commit message:

Revise README to emphasize open source contributions
Updated the README to reflect the open source focus and added a description of SprintPulse.

README.md, after:

# Hey, I'm Vito 👋

I'm a Lead Platform Architect at Brella, based in Finland. I work on infrastructure, backend systems, and occasionally hunt for security bugs.

## What I'm Working On

I am the founder of [SprintPulse](https://sprintpulse.io/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=profile&utm_content=profile), an AI-powered retrospective tool that helps teams run more effective retros and continuously improve. Building products that solve real problems is something I truly enjoy.

My main open source project is [hetzner-k3s](https://github.com/vitobotta/hetzner-k3s) - a CLI tool that creates production-ready Kubernetes clusters on Hetzner Cloud in minutes.

### Why People Use It

Running Kubernetes doesn't have to be expensive or complicated. With hetzner-k3s, you can spin up a fully configured, highly available cluster for a fraction of what you'd pay on AWS, GCP, or Azure - sometimes up to 80% less.

A few things it does:

- Creates a 3-master, 3-worker HA cluster in 2–3 minutes
- Handles autoscaling, private networking, firewalls, and storage automatically
- Works across Hetzner's six global locations (Germany, Finland, USA, Singapore)
- Scales to 500+ nodes (tested and proven)

No Terraform. No management cluster. Just one CLI tool and a simple YAML config.

👉 **Learn more at [hetzner-k3s.com](https://hetzner-k3s.com)**

### Who It's For

- Startups and small teams who want Kubernetes without the cloud bill
- Developers running side projects or homelab clusters
- Companies looking to cut infrastructure costs without sacrificing reliability

## Support My Open Source Work

I maintain hetzner-k3s in my spare time. If it saves you time or money, consider supporting its development:

<a href="https://github.com/sponsors/vitobotta">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Sponsor-❤-ea4aaa?style=for-the-badge&logo=github" alt="Sponsor on GitHub" />
</a>

Sponsorship helps me dedicate more time to new features, faster issue responses, and keeping the project up to date with Hetzner and k3s releases.

## Find Me Elsewhere

- 🌐 Connect: [vitobotta.com](https://vitobotta.com/)


Thanks for stopping by!
